- [Shoji] Nana!
(Shoji panting)
- [Nana] Shoji.
Hold me.
Just hold me.
- (giggles) What's with that
face?
- Huh?
- I wanted to apologize.
I guess I said things I
shouldn't have.
Let's just forget about it.
(groans)
- [Nana] Well that sure killed
the mood.
(rock music)
- Welcome back.
- Jun, you've gotta hear
this. You know what Shoji did?
Mm?
- Good night.
- Huh?
- Unlucky room 707. What
have I done to deserve this?
- Why are you talking
to yourself? It's weird.
- I'm not talking to myself.
If you must know, I'm
talking to the demon lord.
- That's even weirder!
(sighs) I'm exhausted from
all that running around.
You really are a lot of trouble.
- Look who's talking.
You're the one who went and
ditched me.
Why are we being so mean
to each other?
I should be nicer to
the guy I like.
I hate this.
Maybe it's too late now.
I pushed Shoji away from me.
Here we are sleeping in the
same room
and there's none of that nervous
anticipation between us.
He just looks bored.
- [Shoji] You know what, Nana?
- Huh?
- The truth is I want you
to move to Tokyo with me.
But it doesn't make any sense
when I don't have a job.
I'm not even a college
student yet.
There's no way I could
support you.
If you needed something,
even if it was a matter of
life and death,
there wouldn't be much I
could do.
That sort of thing is
hard for a man to deal with.
You've gotta understand.
- Okay, then I'll go home,
find some work,
and save up enough money to
move to Tokyo.
Once you've passed the
university entrance exams next
year
I'll come and join.
You I'll even get myself a job
so you won't have to support me.
I'll make it on my own.
So what do you think of that?
- I guess I'm gonna have to
pass those entrance exams.
I'll show your demon lord.
(gasps, giggles)
All right, well now that
we've got that figured out,
I don't see why we can't sleep
together.
- [Nana] What do you mean?!
How can we sleep together?
We haven't even kissed yet.
- It's okay if you
don't want to.
I'm used to holding back by now.
- [Nana] Whatever happened to
romance?
To getting in the mood?
- Nevermind.
- You mean you're just giving
up?!
- Well, what do I have to do
to convince you to say yes?
- I don't know. Hmm.
If you can tell me you love me
then I'll consider
sleeping with you.
- Love?! Come on!
You can't expect me to
say something like that!
No Japanese guy would.
- But I've never had
anyone tell me that.
No one in my whole life.
I just wanna hear
someone say it once.
- [Shoji] What's the
point if you have to ask?
- Ah, forget it.
(Shoji groans)
- Okay, fine. I'll say it.
A man's gotta do what
a man's gotta do.
I'll pretend to be an American
movie star.
My name will be Michael.
- How's that?
I'm not gonna sleep
with some made up foreign
guy named Michael.
I don't wanna sleep
with anyone, but you.
- Huh?
I'll make some tea, okay?
Can I offer you some black
tea or green tea, Michael?
(melancholy music)
- Nana.
- Shoji, I know that you
said it. Deep in your heart.
(sighs) Your heart told me you
love me.
- So you heard it, huh?
- [Nana] I wanted to be
in a good relationship.
Something romantic and dramatic.
Just like in the movies.
But during the summer,
when I was 17,
I finally became a woman.
And I also learned that
men aren't that simple.
Or so I thought.
But that night was different.
It felt like my body
was going to melt away.
(melancholy music)
- I hope everything worked
out between those two.
I'm worried about them.
Still, they shouldn't have
to rely on their friends
to sort things out and
bring them back together.
I mean, they're not little
kids anymore, right?
(Kyosuke snoring)
I love talking to myself.
Bedtime.
(melancholy music continues)
- A woman's life isn't so
bad after all, is it, Jun?
He's so far away.
- What?
- Oh, nothing.
I'm afraid this is overdue,
so that'll be 300 yen.
- [Man] Ah, okay.
- Hey, Nana.
- Huh?
- How would you like to come out
and have dinner with me tonight?
- Sorry, Mr. Nakamura, but no.
(Nakamura sighs)
You should have noticed
how stunningly beautiful
I was before, too late.
- [Nakamura] What's the
big deal? It's only dinner.
- [Nana] Yeah, right.
- Aren't you lonely with
your boyfriend off in Tokyo?
- [Nana] Get over yourself.
- You used to like me.
- Yeah, whatever!
(sighs) Maybe I should quit
working there,
but the pay is pretty good
and I need to save enough
money so I can move to Tokyo.
I can't wait until next spring.
(phone ringing)
Hello! This is Nana!
(gasps) Shoji! I'm doing
great, how are you?
Nana Komatsu, 19 years old,
currently in a relationship.
Even if it is long distance.
I'll show you, demon lord.
- I don't know where I was
born. I've never met my father.
And I haven't seen my mother for
so long
I've forgotten what she looks
like.
I moved to the city by
the sea when I was four.
I was raised by my grandmother
who ran a restaurant
and who constantly dumped
her cold sarcasm on me.
Now I'm working my ass off,
polishing the shards of a dream.
(rock music)
Hey, guys, good evening.
We're Blast!
(rock music continues)
(indistinct chatter)
- (gasps) Look! They're coming
out!
- No way.
Were you guys waiting out
in the cold this whole time?
You were such an awesome
audience tonight.
- [Girl] Nana, you were awesome.
You're the best.
- Thank you
- Nana, I have a present for
you.
- What's this? It's from that
designer?
Can you afford this, Misato?
- (gasps) You remembered my
name.
You remember that I'm Misato.
- Of course I do. You're
at every single show.
- I think it was your birthday
last week, wasn't it, Nana?
I wanted to get you something
special as a present,
so I got this.
Happy 18th birthday.
- Thank you (smooches).
Cool. I got awesome stuff.
(Misato shudders)
- [Nobu] Okay, guys, let's
drink to the great show
we had tonight.
- [All] Cheers to us!
- I gotta say, we kicked at
tonight's Battle of the Bands.
The place was packed with our
fans.
I never thought I'd see the day
when women were screaming for
me.
- But they all dressed as Nana,
doesn't that freak you out?
- [Nana Osaki] Wow,
it's a jacket. So cool.
- [Ren] I bet the girl that gave
you that
is getting strangled by
the other fans right now.
- Then that kiss I gave her will
cost her
in more ways than one.
- Evil.
- Hey, refill!
- Nobu, you've had enough
already.
You've got your graduation
tomorrow.
- [Ren] You're not going
to graduation, Nana?
- [Nana Osaki] Well, excuse me
for being a high school dropout.
- It's no big deal.
I only managed to make
it through junior high.
- [Nana Osaki] That's
nothing to brag about.
- And what are you laughing
at, Mr. I'm in Law School?
- (laughs) Just trying to
imagine Nana
in her high school uniform.
Did she wear the cute socks?
- You really wouldn't wanna see
it, Yasu.
Seriously, she looked totally
scary.
I couldn't even talk to her.
- Nobu, you big liar. You
were like a full time stalker.
You were so annoying.
- Was not!
I became friends with you
'cause no one else would,
and you looked so lonely!
I was your only friend!
You should be thanking me.
(laughter)
Yay, Blast!
- Let's just leave him there and
go home.
- He might freeze to death.
- Eh, probably.
I'll get a cab and take him back
home.
- [Nana Osaki] Okay, rich man.
Good thing you're becoming a
lawyer
so you can earn even more money.
- At least we'll know who to
call
when Nana gets herself
arrested and thrown in jail.
- I don't need a lawyer!
I won't get caught.
- [Ren] So you have done
something.
- Hey, hold on a minute, Ren.
Remember that thing we were
supposed to talk about?
I'm going to tell Nobu.
You better tell Nana, okay?
- What?
- The only reason Yasu became a
skinhead
was 'cause he started
to go prematurely bald.
- [Yasu] Those who laugh at
baldness go bald themselves.
(laughter)
- Nothing beats performing
in front of a live audience.
It's like, oh my God, orgasmic.
I just lose myself on stage.
- (giggles) Aren't you the lucky
one?
- Yep, it was awesome. It felt
so good.
- Even better than doing it with
a guy?
- Well, that all depends on the
guy.
- Ah (giggles).
(wind gusting)
God, it's freezing out here.
- [Nana Osaki] What if I catch a
cold?
You'd be screwed if I lost
my beautiful singing voice.
- There any gloves? Why can't
our fans buy useful gifts?
- There's gonna be something we
can use,
like a scarf or something.
- Here's something.
- Huh?
(wind gusting)
- [Nana Osaki] Hey, Ren,
remember the first time we met?
There was a big blizzard
just like tonight.
- Yeah, I remember.
- Yeah, right.
- Sure, I do.
It was one of my shows a
couple of Christmases ago.
- [Nana Osaki] Two years and
three months.
- I also remember you were
wearing a sexy red dress.
- Was I now? You trying to
impress me with your memory?
- I couldn't forget that
night even if I wanted to.
You were the worst audience
member ever.
Totally unimpressed by the gig.
- What are you saying?
- You stood right near the
stage just glaring at me.
Stiff as a corpse.
I was so pissed. I remember
thinking, "What's her problem?"
Then after the show was over,
Nobu dragged you backstage with
him.
When we were introduced,
you were so cold to me.
The only thing you said was,
"I'm Nana," not even a smile.
Guess you didn't have
anything else to say.
- [Nana Osaki] There was a lot
going on
in my life back then,
I was in a bad place.
- Right, because you
got kicked outta school
for selling yourself.
- I did not! It was a setup.
I was a Virgin till I met you,
ya bastard!
- Okay, okay. Calm down.
You know, you get off
about a lot of things.
So I'm surprised you didn't
stand up for yourself back then.
- [Nana Osaki] I didn't have
the energy so I didn't try.
- (sighs) Yeah.
Back then you looked like
you'd been beaten down.
- [Nana Osaki] Besides,
I wanted to quit school
and get a job, so
everything worked out okay.
- Weren't you working for
your mean old grandmother
at a restaurant back in those
days?
Wasn't that enough for you?
Why did you want to go and
get yourself another job?
- I needed more money,
because no matter how hard I
worked my grandma never paid me.
It's nothing to laugh about!
- [Ren] I know, I know.
- I told you about it before.
When I was four, my mother
sent me to my grandma's
and then she disappeared.
When my mother gave birth to me,
she had no idea who
the father was.
As soon as another guy came on
the scene,
she ran off and left me.
Grandma would always tell me
over and over
that I should never grow
up to be like my mother.
That's why she never let me wear
a pink
or red girlish clothes.
She said, if I dressed like
that, I was being provocative
and would give the impression
that I was seducing men.
After my grandma died, I was all
alone.
So I decided to use the money I
saved
to buy poor old me and
ice Christmas present.
- Of course, I bought myself
a sexy, bright red dress.
I remember making sure I
worked the show that night.
I was so psyched.
I hid that red dress under my
coat
and ran through the blizzard.
- He was two years ahead of me
at school. He's totally cool.
I can introduce you to him after
the show.
- Really, you don't have
to bother with that.
I just came to see the
concert and have a good time.
- Come on, I'm sure you'd like
him
if you'd just meet him
and talk to him.
He's a lot more together
than your average guy.
He grew up in an orphanage,
you know?
So he is probably gone through
some really tough times.
When he was a baby,
he was abandoned
down in the warehouse
district by the harbor.
It was like on the news
and everything.
- Nobuo, you know it's not
nice to gossip
about other people's
personal lives like that.
- No, it's totally cool
with him.
Ren brags about it all the time.
- He does?
- He's always bragging.
There aren't many people
who can say
they've been in the news since
the day they were born.
And to top it off,
he still lives in the
same warehouse district.
He says living there keeps
him close to his roots.
What he really wants to do is
become a big, huge rock star.
He says he's thankful
for his scandalous past
because of the extra
attention it gets him.
- Give me a break.
That's so stupid.
- [Nobu] Why? I think it's
pretty cool.
- Marketing personal misfortune
for promotional purposes
isn't cool, it's lame.
(rock music)
When I saw the guy on
stage, I couldn't move.
(rock music)
- [Nobu] He was abandoned
down in the warehouse district
by the harbor.
He brags about it all the time.
(rock music)
- It's hard to describe in words
what came over me that night.
It wasn't as simple as love or
excitement.
More like jealousy mixed
in with envy, and lust.
(rock music)
I still get insecure every now
and then,
because it feels like
every day I spend with Ren
is nothing but a dream.
(rock music)
Ren was a glamorous, bright
light
shining into my boring, mundane
world.
But no matter how hard I tried,
he always seemed to be
out of my reach.
Ah, I wish we could do
it in a bigger place.
- Yeah, I suppose you're right.
That bathtub's too small.
- I meant where we do our gigs.
We've got a lot of fans now.
- Sure, go for it.
- It affects both of us.
So anyway, what were you
and Yasu talking about
when we were walking home?
Looked like a serious
conversation.
Was it about the band?
- Going bald is
serious for a guy.
- Hmm.
- If you won't tell
me, then I'll ask Yasu.
I'm gonna go take my pill, back
in a sec.
- [Ren] Can't live
without your fix? Junky.
- If I don't take my birth
control,
we're gonna be in big
trouble and you know it,
especially since you're not
interested
in wearing protection.
What would we do if we got
pregnant?
- [Ren] We'd have the baby.
I worked hard manual labor jobs
instead of going to high school,
so I've got some money saved up.
I'd be fine with us
having one or two kids.
- It might be fine with
you, but it's not with me.
Right now, I'd rather play
music and have my own life.
(thud)
(wind gusting)
- Nana, I'm going to Tokyo.
(melancholy music)
So you can live your
life however you want.
(melancholy music continues)